W3C® SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE

A copy of the license can also be found at:
https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2015/copyright-software-and-document

Copyright © 2017 World Wide Web Consortium <http://www.w3.org/>,
Massachusetts Institute of Technology<http://www.lcs.mit.edu>,
Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique
<http://www.inria.fr/>, Keio University <http://www.keio.ac.jp/>).
All Rights Reserved.  http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/

----------------------------------------------------------------------

License

By obtaining and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that
you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms
and conditions.

Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this work, with or without
modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby
granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the
work or portions thereof, including modifications:

The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the
redistributed or derivative work.

Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms
and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software and Document Short
Notice[*] should be included.

Notice of any changes or modifications, through a copyright statement
on the new code or document such as "This software or document
includes material copied from or derived from [title and URI of the
W3C document]. Copyright © [YEAR] W3C® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang)."

Disclaimers

THIS WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENT WILL
NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER
RIGHTS.

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR
DOCUMENT.

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to the work without specific,
written prior permission. Title to copyright in this work will at all
times remain with copyright holders.

[*][This notice should be placed within redistributed or derivative
software code or text when appropriate. This particular formulation
became active on May 13, 2015, superseding the 2002 version.]

$name_of_software: $distribution_URI

Copyright © [$date-of-software] World Wide Web Consortium,
(Massachusetts Institute of Technology, European Research Consortium
for Informatics and Mathematics, Keio University, Beihang). All Rights
Reserved. This work is distributed under the W3C® Software License [1]
in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  [1]
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/copyright-software

